TODO:

GUI 1.0 ToDO
(Completed-Neel) Can now open files from file menu after load/new/user
(Completed-Neel) Grade no longer takes text input, instead can now click file from file window
(Completed-Neel) Create Answer Sheet works 

GUI 1.0 ToDo
1. Fix terminal output when cancel is hit on file menu
2. Make python function that returns current loaded user name
3. Figure out how to output error messages to user(pop up windows/text in widget)
4. Fix layout of buttons
5. Add save functionality
6. Add reset functionality
7. Add simple_report "
8.  "  advance_report "
9. "  graph_report "
10. " section_report "
11. (Maybe) add clear functionality
12. Hide terminal



Revision 1.0 ToDo
(Completed-Amit) Edge case where a user creates an account of someone who already exists.
(Completed-Amit) List the tests that a user can pull.
(Completed-Amit) Help function that allows user to see command options.
(Completed-Amit) Graded answer sheets don't crash program.
(Completed-Amit) Make simple and advanced reports instead of just one.
(Completed-Amit) Make reports in html that are clean and fancy.
(Completed-Amit) Add graphs in all reports.
(Completed-Amit) We will provide the tests, don't need to write make_tests.
(Completed-Amit) Fix the grading for range.

Revision 1.1 ToDo
1. Create folders in User directory for tests and reports.
2. Create a report homepage that accesses others and eliminate report commands.
3. Basic GUI for the main functions.
4. Trial version date trigger.

Revision 2.0 ToDo
1. Tooltip for the points on a graph.
2. Date feature for every test taken.
3. Add test_ids taken.

Business ToDo
1. (Amit) Make the powerpoint up to date on business end.
2. (Amit) Add screenshots to powerpoint.
3. Make the graphs cleaner and positive correlation on website.
4. Make the github private.
5. Redraft the NDA and change the font work.
6. Cold call test centers in Fremont and find out how they work.
7. Make a list of features that companies are interested in.
8. Partner up with a school and sell product to 100 students for free.
